Update Avatar's Spec.md and Migration.md (#21702)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-avatar/MIGRATION.md

# Avatar Migration

## Migration from v8

> The existing `Persona` control supports many more props than the `Avatar` control: notably the extra display text to the side of the image. As such, Avatar is only a direct replacement for Persona in cases where it was only being used to display the image (`hidePersonaDetails` is true). The Avatar will need to be used in conjunction with another component that displays additional personal details in order to be a full replacement for `Persona`.

Reviewer: Super nit pick:

```suggestion
The existing `Persona` control supports many more props than the `Avatar` control: notably the extra display text to the side of the image. As such, Avatar is only a direct replacement for Persona in cases where it was only being used to display the image (`hidePersonaDetails` is true). To fully replace `Persona` Avatar needs to be used in conjunction with another component that displays additional personal details.
```

  - `PersonaSize.size24` => `size={24}`
  - `PersonaSize.size28` => `size={28}`
  - `PersonaSize.size32` => `size={32}`
  - `PersonaSize.size40` => `size={40}`
  - `PersonaSize.size48` => `size={48}`
  - `PersonaSize.size56` => `size={56}`
  - `PersonaSize.size72` => `size={72}`
  - `PersonaSize.size100` => Not Supported. Use `size={96}`, and optionally add `style={{ width: '100px', height: '100px' }}` if the exact size is needed.
  - `PersonaSize.size120` => `size={120}`
- `coinSize` => Use `size`
- `imageUrl` => `image={{ src: '...' }}`
- `imageAlt` => The Avatar's `aria-label` can be used.
- `imageInitials` => `initials`
- `presence` => `badge` (see the `PresenceBadge` component for more details)
  - `PersonaPresence.none` => (Default)
  - `PersonaPresence.away` => `badge={{ status: 'away' }}`
  - `PersonaPresence.blocked` => Not Supported.
  - `PersonaPresence.busy` => `badge={{ status: 'busy' }}`
  - `PersonaPresence.dnd` => `badge={{ status: 'doNotDisturb' }}`
  - `PersonaPresence.offline` => `badge={{ status: 'offline' }}`
  - `PersonaPresence.online` => `badge={{ status: 'available' }}`

> - `presenceColors` => Not Supported. The badge could be restyled using CSS. E.g. `badge={{ style: { color: '...' } }}`

Reviewer: Nit: Change "The badge could be restyled..." to "The badge can be restyled ...".

- `presenceTitle` => Not Supported.
- `isOutOfOffice` => `badge={{ status: ..., outOfOffice: true }}`
- `showUnknownPersonaCoin` => Not Supported. An approximation is: `icon={<QuestionRegular />}`
- `initialsColor` => `color="colorful"`, or specify a color by name like `color="darkRed"`

> - `showInitialsUntilImageLoad` => This is the default behavior of Avatar.

Reviewer: As someone migrating it's not clear to me what, if any, action I might need to take for this prop. Is it not supported in v9?

- `imageShouldFadeIn` => Not Supported. Add a CSS class to the image if desired: `image={{ className: 'myFadeInClass' }}`

> - `imageShouldStartVisible` => This is the default behavior of Avatar.

Reviewer: I have the same comment as I did for `showInitialsUntilImageLoad` here.
